{"1st":["Congratulations on your one year of work experience!  Every company needs a hard-working and intelligent employee like you. Best of luck!","Today you’ve completed your first year in this workplace — congratulations!  It has been lovely to work with you. We wish you all the best!","My colleague, congratulations to you for your one-year of work!  You are an excellent colleague, and I wish you the best at this company.", "Congratulations on your first year of work!  In just one year, you’ve shown just how capable you are. May the years ahead of you bring even more success!", "This company’s future is brighter because of employees like you. Well done!  Enjoy the one-year anniversary of your career!","Your hard work and punctuality set the bar for others.  Happy first work anniversary!"],
"experienced":["You are an asset to our company, and I hope you’ll continue on this path of hard work. We are very proud of you, and we wish you a wonderful work anniversary!","You are an ambitious worker and it’s always inspiring to work alongside you.  Congratulations on an accomplished year of work!","You are one of a kind. Thank you for helping us grow.  Have a happy work anniversary!","We are proud to be associated with you.  Your contributions and commitment to our work are unparalleled.  Have a happy work anniversary!","Employees like you are the pride and joy of this company.  We are proud to have you with here.","Your attitude makes you what you are : a winner!  You inspire and motivate the team like no other. Thank you for helping to push us forward.  We wish you a happy work anniversary.","Everybody at work is lucky to have you here.  We wish you a happy anniversary!","Congratulations on your anniversary with the company!  Your high spirit and go-getter attitude is what makes you special.  Working with you has been inspiring and motivating.","You are a source of inspiration, as your work ethic is exemplary.  Thank you for being there every time we have needed you.  Wishing you a happy work anniversary!","You are a dedicated worker and deserve all the success in the world.  Keep up the good work, and cheers to your hard work!","We are grateful for your contribution and dedication to our company.  Today, you complete a year with us.  Wishing you a happy work anniversary.","You are a gem that will always shine.  Have a happy work anniversary.","Every company should have someone like you at the forefront.  You're talented in every sense of the word.  Have a happy work anniversary.","Your dedication and passion for your work make you the success that you are.  Keep raising the bar, and have a happy work anniversary.","We are lucky to have you on our team.  Wishing you a happy work anniversary.","Your commitment to your job sets an example for everyone else on this team.  Have a great work anniversary.","Having an employee like you is a matter of utmost pride and gratitude.  Your loyalty and hard work have set an example for everyone in our organisation.  Thank you for being a part of our organisation. Happy Work Anniversary!","Words are not enough to thank you for everything that you have done so far for us.  However, I would like to extend my warmest greetings on the occasion of your Work Anniversary. Kudos to you!","A committed employee and an awesome human being.  That’s what you are and we are glad to have someone like you in our workforce.  We wish you a very happy work anniversary and good luck for all the upcoming amazing years of work.","It takes a person with strong character and will power to stay dedicated and loyal at his or her job even after so many years of service.  And you are that person! Best wishes on your work anniversary."
],
    "Avinash Shetty":["It’s tough to stay put in the same place for a very long time. However, maybe the word “Tough” wasn’t in your dictionary and you have sailed together with us through all the harsh and good times. I would like to congratulate you on achieving this amazing professional milestone. And also wish you the best of luck for times to come.","Happy work anniversary, Avinash! From the start, you have driven our testing along novel paths. We wish you a happy, interesting and creatively fulfilling road ahead.","Very calm and controlled in a conversation, a leader, embodies an informed QA at Qxf2 services","Thank you for being an essential part of Qxf2’s success, Happy work anniversary","You have set the standard for your work dedication. You have shown us how to learn and grow. Happy Anniversary !!!","Your cool head and ability to deal with pressure are huge assets to us and we’re so pleased to being wishing you a happy work anniversary. Hopefully there will be many more to follow !","Congrats on surviving another year at your job. Lesser mortals would have gone insane by now"],
    
    "Annapoorani Gurusamy":["Wish you very happy work anniversary and thank you for keeping a close watch on our code through code review's and creating interview scheduler","Happy work anniversary, Annapoorani! Thank you for gracefully shouldering a heavy and varied workload - we are all the better for it. Our best wishes for the year ahead.","helping hand, good patience Wishing you a happy work anniversary.","Very dedicated in making freshers. interns & senior-interns life happy at Qxf2, you can take Annapoorani out of teaching, but you can never take teaching out of Annapoorani","Your patience and understanding nature make you the best person to work with whenever someone new joins at Qxf2. Thank you for all the hard work you have been doing for Qxf2 from so long and wish you many more successful years ahead!","Your down-to-earth character makes you exactly what you are. We always enjoy working with you. Happy Anniversary!!!"],
    
    "Arunkumar Muralidharan":["Success never comes in a day; it comes with time and hard work, and you are an example of that congratulations on your work anniversary","knowledge hub and it flows to everyone, quick in understanding and resolving, always helpful .Wish you a happy work anniversary."],
    
    "Rajeswari Gali":["Happy work anniversary, employee #1! We look forward to your continued contributions even as the rest of us build upon the foundation you laid.","Your commitment and dedication to your work and everything you are involved in is really motivating and encourages us to give our best. We are proud to have you! Wish you many more successful years ahead at Qxf2."],
    
    "Smitha Rajesh":["You have set an exemplary standard for all of us with your work ethics and your dedication. Thank you for everything you have done for us all these years. Wish you a Happy Work Anniversary!","You are always ready to help, if it is a work problem or organizing games :), Wish you a very happy work anniversary.","helping nature, good friend, provide positive words, Wishing you a happy work anniversary.","Present's her work really well, socalised Qxf2, a leader.","The words that describe you are self-motivated and focused. The energy you bring is always very much appreciated. Happy Anniversary!!!"],
    
    "Indira Nellutla":["A committed employee and an awesome human being. That’s what you are and we are glad to have someone like you in our workforce. We wish you a very happy work anniversary and good luck for all the upcoming amazing years of work","Filled with a positive vibe, confidence,  and fearlessness we couldn’t have found anyone better than you for our team. Happy ­­­ Work Anniversary!","You are a great listener and very approachable at all times. It’s a pleasure to be teaming along with you. Happy work anniversary!","Hard work always pay off. Happy work anniversary","A very positive co-worker, knows the game - have been in the industry for a long time, a pleasure to work with","We are grateful for your contribution and dedication to Qxf2. Hope you continue to be the friend and motivator you are. Wish you many more successful years ahead.","Your cool head and ability to deal with pressure are huge assets to us and we’re so pleased to being wishing you a happy work anniversary. Hopefully there will be many more to follow !","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best! ","We extend heartiest congratulations to you on setting yet another milestone in the journey of your professional life. Today is a good time to smell the roses you planted at Qxf2 Services. Wish you a very happy work anniversary!"],
    
    "Shivahari Picthcaikannu":["Wish you very happy work anniversary to an ardent Arsenal Fan and Superstar of Qxf2 :)","You are never hesitant to make any suggestions and your willingness to share knowledge is very inspiring! Keep up the good work! Happy work anniversary!","Happy work anniversary, Gooner! Year after year, you have been generous with your time, knowledge and skills - and we have all benefited from it! Have a great year ahead!","Congratulations on achieving this anniversary with us. We know you have worked hard for the accomplishment and we truly appreciate your dedication.","Your skills add value every day, and we all enjoy having you around. Your creative thinking is always inspiring us. Happy Anniversary!!!","Congrats on surviving another year at your job. Lesser mortals would have gone insane by now","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best!","Your down-to-earth attitude makes you what you are, a winner. Victoria Concordia Crescit. Wishing you a happy work anniversary"],
    
    "Rohan Dudam":["You are truly a valued associate. Thank you for your fervent efforts, creativity and IOT sessions. Wish you happy work anniversary- Rohan D","Happy work anniversary, Rohan! Your calm, steady and methodical contributions have made Qxf2 a much more interesting place. For many more years to come, we look forward to working with you and the robots you build.","Despite coming from an Electronic background working in IT dauntlessly, everyone's good friend, doesn't hesitate to speak about what he feels about a process at Qxf2","Wishing you many more years of success and innovation, a very happy work anniversary","Employees like you are the pride and joy of a company. We are proud to have you with us. On the way forward, you deserve all you have achieved and more. Wishing you a happy work anniversary."],
    
    "Rohan Joshi":["You are an inspiring individual.  Kudos to your amazing years of work!","You are a treasure trove of ideas and a very helpful colleague. You make Qxf2 a fun place to work. It is an absolute pleasure to be working with you and looking forward to more! Best wishes on your Work Anniversary!","May today be a day where you feel dedicated for all the work you do on a daily basis! Happy work Anniversary","Very organised with his work, plan's his work well and everyone's good friend","It’s always inspiring to work alongside you. Congratulations on an accomplished year of work","Your enthusiasm and passion for learning are always inspiring and you are a great inspiration to all the new joiners. Keep Rocking !! Happy Work Anniversary !!!","Your cool head and ability to deal with pressure are huge assets to us and we’re so pleased to being wishing you a happy work anniversary. Hopefully there will be many more to follow !","Congratulation on your work anniversary! You’ve turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun.","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best!"],
    
    "Mohan Kumar":["May the journey of corporate success continue even in the coming years! Happy work Anniversary","Congratulation on your work anniversary! You’ve turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun."],
    
    "Nilaya Indurkar":["With a team member like you, it’s easier for the company to achieve its goals, thank you and happy work anniversary","Wish you a happy work anniversary to one of the co-creator and tester of interview scheduler.","Very Congratulations on your Happy Work Anniversary!. May you accomplish more successful working years with this organization. Wish you a Good Luck"," Another year of excellence! Thanks for all the amazing work you do. Your effort and enthusiasm are much needed, and very much appreciated"],

    "Rohini Gopal":["From all of us… happy anniversary! Thank you for your hard work, your generosity, and your contagious enthusiasm.","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best! ","You have set an ideal working and relationship standard for all of us with your work ethics and your dedication to see the prosperity of this company. Thank you for everything you have done for us all these years. Wishing you a Happy Work Anniversary today! We appreciate you a lot."],
    
    "Sravanti Tatiraju":["You have achieved yet another milestone. Kudos to all these years of your great work."],
    
    "Preedhi Vivek":["Congratulations on your accomplishments wherein you set an example of hard work and team spirit. Happy Work Anniversary!","A very supportive colleague, always there to help people, produces quality work with minimum fuss, present's her work very well, constantly thinks about doing the next task well","You are very talented, hardworking and give your best at whatever you do! Your thoughtfulness and empathetic nature make you the go-to-person for anyone. Congratulations on your anniversary with Qxf2 and wish you many more successful years ahead!","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best! "],
    
    "Akkul DN":["A good learner, strives to improve always, an ever ready colleague to have any random conversation about gaming","Congratulation on your work anniversary! You’ve turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun.","Thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor. Happy work anniversary and all the best! "],
    
    "Kiran CV":["You add that absolute fun element at work! Stay the same and keep making Qxf2 more and more a fun place to work!  Your technical prowess is equally inspiring! Happy anniversary!","Strives to produce quality work, likes to learn new stuff, ready to take responsibilities","It only feels like yesterday that you started working with us. Yet here we are, a year later. Congratulations on your work anniversary","Congratulation on your work anniversary! You’ve turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun."],
    
    "Rahul Bhave":["You read and share a lot which has many a time been helpful to most of us. Continue to read, share knowledge and inspire people as always! Happy work anniversary!"],
    
    "Drishya TM":["I extend my heartiest congratulations to you on setting yet another milestone in the journey of your professional life. Wish you a very happy work anniversary!","The energy and vibe you bring along with your positive attitude makes everyone working along with you inspire to give more. Congratulations on your anniversary with Qxf2 and wish you many more successful years ahead."],
    
    "Raghava Nelabhotla":[]
}





















 































 
